spec proposal - additional OTLP exporter values (#138)
signalfx/gdi-specification: specification/configuration.md

- Zipkin exporter
  - Distribution MUST NOT list Zipkin exporter as supported (not supported by Smart Agent)
- `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER`

>   - Non-RUM distribution MUST support following, additional values:

Reviewer: I think that `MUST` in this context introduced a breaking-change. Maybe it would be to change it to `SHOULD`? Otherwise, I think we should bump the major version of the spec.

Author: I prefer MUST here, as SHOULD won't introduce a consistency between libraries. Then the docs will be much more messy and overall APM harder to use. Say:
- in python set single variable 
- in java set two, with different values
If we want to make the experience better for end-users, we need to have it supported everywhere.

>     - `otlp-grpc` as an alias for `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL` value `grpc`
>     - `otlp-http` as an alias for `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL` value `http/protobuf`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `otlp-grpc` as an alias for `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER=otlp` and  `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL=grpc`
    - `otlp-http` as an alias for `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER=otlp` and  `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL=http/protobuf`
```

>     - `otlp-http` as an alias for `OTEL_TRACES_EXPORTER=otlp` and  `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL=http/protobuf`

Reviewer 2: This seems to be introducing an alternate way to specify the exporter than what is present in OpenTelemetry. Here it is specified as a single value, in OpenTelemetry it is specified as two. They both achieve the same thing though. By introducing an alternate way to specify this exporter Splunk's use of OpenTelemetry will diverge.

Instead of creating our own way to define these exporters, I think the better approach is to say projects need to support the `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL` environment variable. That way we will remain in-line with OpenTelemetry and still achieve what this PR is aiming to accomplish.
